A .menu file can be used to describe basic menu structures which can be converted
into C code which can then be compiled into a .c32 file for use with SYSLINUX.
The format of a .menu file is similar to an ini file, but with important
differences.

Lines starting with # and ; are treated as comments. Blank lines are used to
separate the attributes of one menu item from another. Multiple blank lines are
equivalent to a single one.  In other contexts Blank lines are not significant.

Menus
-----
Each menu declaration starts with a line containing the name of menu in [ ].
This is the "nickname" of the menu and should be different for different menus.
This is not visible to the user of the menu system. The initial menu must
be called "main"

The menu declaration is followed by lines which set the attributes of the menu.
This is followed by a blank line and followed by declaration of menu items in
that menu.

All lines which occur before the first menu declaration is considered as
a global declaration.

Abstract Format
---------------

The overall format should look like this

--------------------------------------------------------
<GLOBAL SETTINGS>

[menuname1]

<MENU SETTINGS>

<ITEM 1>

...

<ITEM N>

[menuname2]

<MENU SETTINGS>

<ITEM A>

<ITEM B>

----------------------------------------------------------

GLOBAL SETTINGS
---------------
The following global settings are now supported. Many of the keywords
accept what we call a "DOT COMMAND" as argument. Simply put they are
instructions to the menu system to perform certain actions.
The syntax and semantics of DOT COMMANDS are given later in the section
titled "DOT COMMANDS".

videomode: (default 0xFF)  [Use with care]
   The textmode in which the whole menu system should operate.
   Must be a number (use 0x notation for hexadecimal).
   Lookup Ralph Brown Interrupt List and search for Video Mode
   to find a number to put here.

   setting to 0xFF will mean, menu system will use the current
   video mode.

title:
   The title of the whole menu system

top, left, bot, right: (default 0,0,21,79)
   The area of the screen used by the menu system. The remaining
   part of the screen can be used by the user for anything.

helpdir: (default /isolinux/help)
   Location of the directory where help information is stored. The
   help files must be called "hlpNNNNN.txt" where NNNNN is the helpid.

pwdfile: (default /isolinux/passwd)
   The name of the password file which contains user, password and permissions
   See "passwd" file for details regarding format of this file

editrow: (default 23)
   the row on the screen where one can edit the command line. This must
   be outside the menu area. Set this to a negative number to disable
   editing the command line. In case of authenticated users, the current
   user must have "editcmd" permissions to edit the command line

pwdrow: (default 23)
   The row on the screen used for user authentication. Must be outside
   menu area (can be same as editrow). Set to negative to disable
   user authentication

skipif: (default 0)
   The OR of the bits in the Shift-flags any of which can cause the menu system
   to be skipped all together (0 means menu system always runs). It can also
   be a combination of "Alt","Ctrl","Shift","Caps","Ins","Scroll".
   When menu system starts it checks if any of the specified keys are On/pressed.
   If true, the system exits immediately and executes the skipcmd.

   e.g. setting it to "shift-alt-caps" means menu will be skipped if alt OR shift
   is pressed OR caps is on. setting to "0" means menu will alw